add async120, await-in-except (#265)
python-trio/flake8-async: docs/rules.rst

   ``yield`` in context manager in async generator is unsafe, the cleanup may be delayed until ``await`` is no longer allowed.
   We strongly encourage you to read `PEP 533 <https://peps.python.org/pep-0533/>`_ and use `async with aclosing(...) <https://docs.python.org/3/library/contextlib.html#contextlib.aclosing>`_, or better yet avoid async generators entirely (see `ASYNC900`_ ) in favor of context managers which return an iterable :ref:`channel/stream/queue <channel_stream_queue>`.

_`ASYNC120` : await-in-except

>     ``await`` inside ``except`` must have shielded :ref:`cancel scope <cancel_scope>` with timeout.
>     If not, the async call might get cancelled, suppressing the exception that was caught.
>     This will not trigger when :ref:`ASYNC102 <ASYNC102>` does, and if you don't care about losing non-cancelled exceptions you could disable this rule.
>     This is currently not able to detect asyncio shields.

Reviewer: I don't think I want to suggest shielding for this - we don't want to render it impossible to cancel while in these clauses, just warn that the current exception might be discarded.

(Of course, if it _is_ shielded then that should suppress the error message.  Maybe this is a more general pattern, where checkpoints inside a shielded cancel scope "shouldn't count"?  But that's a future issue)

```suggestion
    Dangerous :ref:`checkpoint` inside an ``except`` block.
    If this checkpoint is cancelled, the current active exception will be replaced by the ``Cancelled`` exception, and cannot be reraised later. 
    This will not trigger when :ref:`ASYNC102 <ASYNC102>` does, and if you don't care about losing non-cancelled exceptions you could disable this rule.
    This is currently not able to detect asyncio shields.
```
